hi it's missing there you will have total control of both good so it's just a
night today is thursday august 3rd 7 pm
and give a little warm here guys see here a citizen back here here
he is close to me look i see i'm running right why am i running
risk your manoel cardoso de araújo has 100 years old mason and spent
your brother without friendship mason passed is because he is here until I don’t have
a few dozen people were safe with me and one of his children is
corvette captain corvette captain commander felipe and brought some of his
family to visit and why is he dangerous because he has fourteen children is
that's right 14 children with the same woman enter his last son daughter in the
case ours he was 63 years old of the culture sure he with 62 he was in
full activity at that time is just had not said
oh ok today there were at that time there was not that it was not on top no
I was of the love race, okay, so I'm your brother, I'm very happy, okay?
visiting and has 14 children since there are seven military 15 are in the navy or
aeronautics one color military government of rio de janeiro
and then you send her, she had an invitation, right, the month 30 40 days or so he went
healed who recognizes age was healed I didn't even ask him if he took
took an azithromycin thing and seeing mectin here didn’t take that now
so there are other things and then it works right, even though it doesn’t have the
scientific proof could also be that it made a coincidence with my case
it seems like a coincidence I took the two chains but the people who have
taken at the very beginning of the symptoms is has been successful the treatment he had
everything right for that group at extreme risk due to his age he has 100 right
100 years so he had everything to be here in the really high risk group in
total then took took azithromycin that will live medicine killed the bixa all right
killed the beak took advantage and killed the plug so you problem okay with 14 I did
there will be no problem so you sent your satisfaction here in a little while
going to have a chat with your family here the boy also gave a capital of
color windy here goes the amazon of the army in it but that felipe or
chat with just want to say something
hi all right no no i thank you for your presence here firm and strong and to know that
your whole family is well underway thanks to god obligation
manuel and now quickly here we have here the
elisângela our step his present and gilson machado exactly president of
embratur be had in the drops today is justify the job in the church
yesterday I did an interview with all the staff it was very good a lot of us
said we have scissors if she used the thread use augusto luiz augusto
nunes too and white or white wine also puts you right as a personal partner of
young pan the exhibition want to ask question by gilson will be malawi
quite fast here now talk to you gilson yesterday are decrees about
animals that depend on it decree establishing the national coordination of
animal protection and defense in the ministry of the environment is a federal agency for
public policies, right, that fights for the welfare of animals and fights
mistreatment of domestic animals, squeeze birds too and we see that it is because of
first time in government is concerned with animals so she formulates
public policy policies for and will not have the days that animal not that
not before it was the tip of the line more municipalities which state is very to be
municipality that at the end of the line is really hands on so this one
coordination is available to anyone who wants to smoke there ideas change project or create
new bill to defend animals these people coordinate it all
send it to us contact the state and municipal secretariats to
address this issue and it shows the concern that we have to talk about
animal here I will put here animal abuse I am an animal in a bad way is
the truth is that there is no point in mistreating the radio but we are either homemade or
I don't know whether it is from the month of the month so if the ordinance is very welcome you participated
of the elaboration of the hands collaboration was made with the personnel of the ministry of
environment with the beginning it revoked under total in the parade is not what today folks
we presented here together with tarcísio saw the bill of the near
of the sea and is about coastal shipping
the types of navigation in Brazil are not complicated yet the idea of ​​lia is
reducing bureaucracy and empowering is not to encourage the use of navigation
cabotage inland navigation before at the port and another one I can more
next to each other is not long-haul navigation so this issue here
we understand that it will help a lot here ah ah the transport of material to see
if you guys are also here in Brazil so I know how to talk to the boys
seeking to reduce bureaucracy does not interfere with the lives of those who want to produce
who wants to work because apparently it will have to take the state beyond
largely equipped the bureaucratized state I watched difficulty to
if you do anything not the same wind, it’s going to get better
more still need to make a small hydroelectric power plant was a birth is a
duck here again, right, it's not easy are you
on something in brazil work being done incessantly the tarcísio meu're
studying for more than a month the collection of facilitating not its qualification for a
pilot license renewal has got to do proof outside of brazil
to receive compliments, renew the license to be buried, ok people are going to get a
tarciso way to resolve this matter another thing you also to do a
hotel a beach needs more than 200 licenses is me practically unworkable
state license municipal license federal license all with convergence of
competence so we can make this more flexible, make it easier to
generation of jobs and income that was fundamental in this government I had in
belém do pará today is more attention in the 15 days ago to have with
I need the construction of a xingu apostle there in the stop the test of speaking if it gives
all right we take eight months but the environmental study and license
hello everything is fine but on average to take a year it will be less bureaucratic to do a
bridge in the place that already has a ferry that I take there so things are not
easy in brazil then the weight of brazil is right the weight of brazil is huge for you
to be able to move the wealth here to earn their money to work so many
measurements being made we can send the idea to us I see
women one deals on average each post on facebook 213 sometimes has good ideas
then I pass the respective minister to say if it is possible not to do that
here to meet that black of that person the correction of the xingu posture the same
thing I didn't speak to tarcísio and did a study quickly right the flow of
trucks which transported the difficulties how much time more than
lived there for the cargo truck needs to move from side to side on
Mayan hi and we’re going to get along with this
bridge time if I don’t know the right here right but I’m going to kick here I wouldn’t be mad
at least three hours in this traffic there the president when we were in
bahia last year at the end of the year we went to port i forgot the name of
I put it there with Admiral Autran and we're going back to the codeba, it's in the codeba and the
the flow of production from bahia due to an environmental issue was stagnant and the
anthem product for são paulo with the port at the door so you entered the field
and we unlocked that port how many millions did brazil lose by sending the
production for são paulo inside bahia send to her we also changed
it is not takes I had there in the port of aratu it was on the occasion of the new year christmas
you stopped by then I don't know how to stand still, you must stay four days
two went there one more of the days I went in deborah color and I looked there and decided there
make a change in the presidency and board
the admiral autran and started to work better the opposite because like us
we changed the director of the post of yours has about four five months and in this last one
month that so beat the rank here grain export proposed in saints the
porto de santos the past with the little pictures that kind of news you
you know why I'm talking here, you know, it changed that, it doesn't mean that everything is
right not seeing if there is something wrong a little at the airport get the
superintendent the federal highway police post is the collection of the
personnel that you will take out the ace personnel was crossed from the army already you have
any problem in goiânia got in touch with me fernando we solved the
knowing the air was not ill will the military's ill will this issue
of the pêga documentation of the cars is that there is a court decision that you do not
could schedule more on the internet where you personally have to start queuing
pandemic in the queue increases even more because the staff of the
army is committed the virus stays at home it's worth it but you come to the question
worth it is worth a meter present it was all set I will repeat here
exchange the pacóvios all trucks in brazil are almost 2 million among
trucks and vehicles that in this one were mandatory of the cup and to be
exchanged 1900 for each person we ended this also wanted to put the
taximeters thing in the taxi has a rich guy amanda right I was being
observed from the entrance of the event, I got controlled with a fever, right, because my colleague
formed by ine replied that the new taxi who will enter this life of
taxi driver the new ones in the files the text taxis promoting new cars
I am no longer a new model and I don’t have to change it. Everyone also has a
little problem of wanted to go there in the meter there put a chip in each pump
of fuel from brazil i don't know the price and cost it there in what to pay you
at the end of us we go out knowing that the very high fuel will cause
taxes and between the monopoly among other things there
and this question about br do marcos coming back here the subject is to reduce bureaucratization we know
the issue of the flag problem of the crew's problem, right, but the
problem putting this thing up is with increasing competition decreases the
weight the freight price also decreases everything improves the Brazilian the Senate in the
yesterday approved there outside of Chile approved yesterday something he
Brazil starts in Chile, right, we’re here the week our part is also more
a business partner and special conditions here soon we will have here
in the case here in south america hi how's that question of
sinking ships there on the coast of the sea has stopped the pandemic or continues for
above did not give the floor because of the pandemic right I already have two to
inaugurate now from september that are already sunk there in pernambuco even
that it was pernambuco you go like this not that you need to be able to it already
saw that ship was already providing pernambuco no not because the water did not
need is serious even know that pernambuco has the vocation for shipwreck
today pernambuco already has more than 90 in the race we have no more than 90 shipwreck in
reef for contemplation diving has fernando noronha in short it is a
program that will make Brazil the main country in the world and
plunge that an activity that generates jobs and own income the supply chain
diver tourism when he arrives at the corner he spends at least ten days
because he can only dive two days after he arrives he comes by plane and only
can get on the plane again I wanted to place an order for you want to order
will be the one if you want a selfie here and I have a house in lúcio costa in
barra tijuca 3100 agritem sheraton hotel in hotel next to the book whose name here
the one until there in the bar not if she was another one is wilson wilson has more not ok
there in the bar that's it for example I'm not there but on the coast of Brazil all
it would be good for you no longer a compatible distance also see the
depth in my understanding I will kick here the ideal for my wedding
right no more than 10 - 1 unit to help that same hiring would be
good to sink the ship in front of these hotels for sure what is the advantage for the
tourism for the hotel chain certainly the shipwreck he in addition to adding fauna
marine for sport fishing for contemplation diving to study the
cast of federal universities of maritime biology he and the plunge of
contemplation it generates and for the entire productive chain and we have already
has president more than 120 points approved by the navy today that
contains practically all of Brazil in both the Northeast and Southeast and we already have
several equipments but we have more than 1,200 equipments already and already
already cataloged ranging from concrete blocks to small
vessels to large vessels airplanes tank battle tank wagons of
train we have now we are getting a donation of sculptures to make a
marine sculpture park understood so that's it over there in the field
has a salt that is the museum of several marine sculptures that receive more than
a million people a year if he said that with losing approximately
how much the annual billing in cancún runs more or less then with the manual
and runs around a hundred and only salt museums 150
it's just a museum next to you a lot of money allotment and that 500 there from all over the world
via straight tourism now you have had cancun not yet I didn’t have father
now but unfortunately you already had money now in a little while
we had time let's see the present that is far superior to cancún and has a detail
there is no hurricane and there is no seaweed you have the shark there also has an outlet for
he doesn’t have normal diving anymore I’ve seen the baron of mauá stole only attacks
if he has the shark on an empty stomach and he doesn’t eat the person using you
don't talk when I'm unbalanced to myself I don't want to talk one more time
time it depends on parliament a lot is I have worked to talk to
a lot of people here in the senate to see if we can revoke a
environmental decree to repeal environmental decree has to be a project that calls
law is not absurd it will not put there
this is activism is environmental activism okay your [ __ ] already because everything
I want to say that I am not even aware of mine
an environmental decree that in 29 geographic accidents there within a radius of 1 km you
can do anything if you are dying i don't go so she goes wash for the
offshore it clears a kilometer that you the people go down gave me you have there
you're going to have a problem like I had in the past, let's go, a ghost problem
because I was in Brazil and setting it up as if I had it there is no problem
right, this matter is already resolved, I’m going to president, but we want to create in
bay of angra and a big pole everything that has money and outside of brazil with
sure I need private money and the tourist it does not degrade the environment
on the contrary, each tourist is an environmental inspector because he only comes back if
he dives to find the fish he only goes back in the wetland if he gets there
find anaconda to take the picture the jaguar the bird if it finds plastic
on the beach he doesn't come back then and today with his brother
tripadvisor e-book etc you see the note on the site if there is down it does not
then I return each tourist a inspector from the same I'm here with a resolution of the
anvisa 405 at the end of last month ah sure there was an exception to
controlled prescription for the purchase of hydroxyzine ivermectin within a
confusion little by little right you know why you need to buy this one
needed the medical prescription which principle the medical prescription needs
because the red stripe that was created at that time to avoid buying
and to do business to resell I make stock at home as if I miss
then I think it doesn’t even warn you of making a decision that needed a sea of
double recipe come with retention retention ok so that's it changed now no need
more you will need the prescription because it is written here
some taboos criticizing that the president sent the laboratory the army
kim to beat the army to manufacture pills then with the reserve of 4
millions of pills is more or less what the theme is right, not only the army
adding another one that stocks here in Brazil if each person takes half a dozen
yeah i know it was your mom i talked to the doctor half a dozen pills one
franchise at 4 million for half a dozen sense me i'm going to kick here 67,000 today
it can be 180 thousand doses now our annual consumption of routine eduarda for
malaria for lupus and what more mariah lupus rheumatoid arthritis in store 1
million in length is 13 million pills a year so there's nothing
will be thrown away despite being a kind of a very cheap medicine so
everything will take advantage of one way or another have another study arrived here
the major that this does not forget all this is hi cal friston
and just released my social media is a person I have already reached the bridge
it is impossible it is not fake news it is not for us to disclose that one more person
enabled is disk eighty percent of people will not feel anything zero nothing
you won't even want a little flu, nothing's right, I know, I talked to my car
case for my physical understanding for my past life that I have to
sportsman like you took care I'm not sedentary if I was committed no
feel absolutely nothing this was true ok the president of the
my case I felt nothing nothing felt nothing you put me on when I
I knew the result and I didn't feel anything and I paid the price for the negative you put me on
central pool is the time will say huh and then medicine we have here I saw it
is a TV journalist from Bandeirantes these days I even put on my part of the
stove then I called him I talked to him chatting he says the story
that several mayors from the south are now behind europe here we here
that I'm going to ask you for us here for us not for me it wasn't for health
mayor of jacupiranga vale do ribeira registration also asked for the piece i
I’m reading and there’s also a war shot coming out there to stay in Eldorado garden
my region my prices are asking when it comes to
where he walks to the ministry of health they do analysis according to the
number of projectors orders except é e homo free of charge for secretaries
municipal health authorities, of course, you can see this request for the mayor's
mayor is not the mayor who decides who decides the doctor is not a decree
presidential or the governor or mayor who will decide whether you
the doctor said it works and it off very well, right, even out of the bull's-eye
that recipe here look there I think there is no city hall that takes from another is
urgency and emergency, you place your order and ask for another one without a problem, not how
ok maria in brazil here president at the beginning of the yellow invitation she was
only with eight percent of the mesh is just that for and today is already getting
ago new planes getting nine parts in the yard is making it clear here in some
sites do not have a military air base what the commander of aeronautics
brigadier drinking a lot made clement occasioned to go to the military courtyard
not to pay for the parking that clarice clarice imagines you a machine
affection on top of that you don’t fly and stay still has the expense of
good partitioning so I ours with ours
greetings the command is ours it was his initiative ok i found out
after the fact, he didn’t talk to me that I can’t know about
everything he has all the freedom to do that there bro is shaking from the good deed for
part of it prevented this company from just starting to fly is has almost thirty per
amanda cent today around thirty percent of companies are flying and i
had yesterday with the president of abih-al eduardo sanovicz who was already president
embratur also and the forecast until December is already sixty percent
occupation of the recovered aerial network and in the middle of next year in June it is already
with 100 percent of that of the recovered internal air mesh now say our
here we open the airport from when from the 1st of august now the
international airports have been opened up again for tourism, right with the exception of the
airport of rio do rio grande do sul and then they are already receiving the planes in the
northeast is already receiving from the rooster here in brasília also end already
and the airports have already been opened I'm here on my screen here the admiral
bar that the president of anvisa just confirmed the information about the
hydroxychloroquine invermitin that I spent here you can already buy with a
simple helmet recipe guys recommend obviously will always be my example
I took it 12 hours later I had symptoms cured without any problems
10 minutes my more than 23 were affected is also all taken to
curtain in the building we are great more always just take a walk from the presence more example
at least I heard you all knew that you took it so we maybe one
another one has the tomato that hasn't died nobody's ok so it's just this observation
what does the doctor do the name of your life right is that not for this
matter of an off-label child this one I’m holding is the doctor getting things right
out of the recipe a lot of disease is going without cure until today seize the moment
quickly she in front of fofucho the chubby in front of me here facebook
voice facebook 17 thousand people watching youtube 6,273 thousand young pan 11000 focus
br8000 so some holes thanks for
the national cat portal issued there and I don't know if it is coming question here
ready it's coming here look what i do she can call me the
question one august thing will not agree with me i'm sure i from
white head there from this wonderful team from the young pan I like
talk but I saw that I was doing wrong stopping here in the playpen because he
it was ten minutes 20 the letter an hour the guys would take 5 seconds some
words the next day the beating is ok I don’t even know when she can
criticize I say something here is the mix you can ask for my
this is it you said just trust him he doesn't ask that question
he goes there note caladinho paulo and you so I decided not to talk now I
can I answer anything you a few years ago was written without a problem
now if you have any question here of doubt in the
please even though I reserved the right to remain silent there to avoid problems
okay you can come sometimes they are not all journalists right but a part of
traditional life that makes on the roof here leads to bake evil tv the week
here two secretaries there from paulo god he came away from the sister polo that was from
excellent bureaucratization the professional and kill them there that was the
privatization a chance in life deba debora i'm going out to where they
were didn't know how to kill a successful person all locate their millionaire
Okay, so I was working for the shirt's sake and obviously he knows it all
we know it's not easy for you to sell a privatized company is pornography
sleeps the supreme federal court the same last year ruled that certain treat
and it’s called mother state-owned privatization has to go through buying
on this high and there is a large left base that lives
huh good morning to look at this peace ok union
also losing a lot of strength advice right the finn lost a lot of strength with a
son of the mandatory discount right of the worker but it is not easy so if
he kill that I leave I want to greet them right that way he is
mother song asked to leave went away and logically felt like i felt all
we feel the private difficulty something that is to pass the
post office is not very complicated it is very complicated they go feet
goal Paulo I also left has a message here on the phone I have to be on
ahead this opportunity to talk to him thank you will go better I leave
no problem one its a while ago went to btg pactual also not only with
the bank there Paulo and you got angry right people btg
poetic knows the salary these people who happen 61610 of this that some have
advice is a tricky thing to talk about as well but if i
were the council not aligned with him 16 thousand witch does not stay you work you
don't put people who have a more special one for that issue, you know?
people work with me, only one retiree has a lot of military personnel from the reserve is that
comes is one of s456 is the room we owe us is a good salary okay no
let's not complain not here ok but there it is sometimes more because of the risk try
with me for example there are guys on my side here and there is no time he
and nobody asks to leave early when there is a knife in your mouth, right
mission and film until late and today today is thursday and friday today is thursday
saturday there is a river mission you know i'm nothing parachutist brigade presentation but
unfortunately it will not be, it will be open to the public every healthy power
take a person I take the mother and father or the girlfriend put boyfriend in ok let
very clear it’s not ok so it’s not that usual graduation on average 10 thousand
people is jumping on the football field of the fraternization because in heaven the crowd
that will be used for those who want to lay a golden egg on their chest
grená beret boot brown for I went through that moment 77 unfortunately but it will have
people with me on this mission for the guy I would like to be at home, you know
on Friday is put in January I think around 9 in the
morning I think I didn't rock was giving me the benfica the side inauguration mom
a school silva 5 military personnel from the capital rio de janeiro after the passage of
command in the eastern military command is also already quite restricted to entry
of people and then I intend to be all right I went to the bope several times
special operations battalion our police he was up there on the hill I
I intend to side who knows who indicates to paint a barbecue there that is of
cat no problem, it's not for me to send we are there is the idea there is not the
barbecue is not give a hug to you exchange an idea hit a chat remember
I think I went over a dozen times in the boot and in the past and also say to
all of you that the gratitude that we have a job that you do in moments
difficult right now we see today são paulo this was yesterday in são paulo in the mission
there from and by two planes we to lebanon the
head of our delegation I invited a suggestion from paulo skaf was having lunch
with me when we heard about me exchanging ideas and why I invited Michel
fear at the party because he has that beauty day and he’s one close to
republic and from time to time i talk to him i have to exchange an idea of
see that some people even for later yes remember a problem but
I solved something ok have a conversation I feel great talking to him
also that it felt great to talk to me a few helping an hour ago
of a call from him to me he's on the channel and belutti talking about the success of
how he was treated in those authorities
the download of the book is of the gratitude of that people.
received we see here in the social me, you know, a lot of it is just greet with
improvement claims to have to pour money on the staff here our people the
vast majority of what we go there on the kc-390 but as the part goes by track
by sea was a donation from the Lebanese community and it is a gesture we made
problem here at the beginning of last year or that assuming fog is out to see
the people of israel are certain of these problems too but find a
opportunity told me to stay here for a while and they invented it there so no
I had a phone system to locate the body or not to locate the body
locate the last second that was alive right the cell phone signal
so info ah ok they were rescued valley ends
here cavalli canga for several bodies this technology came to our thing
that didn’t pass to us but we maybe even improved there we’re more
technology more and we were very grateful to the presence of israel here and had a
big deal today israel from the gutter the job and negotiated is that it opened a
way that we really have peace and prosperity in the region over there in the east
medium is obliged to black michel fear for having accepted this the invitation that
became a mission together with him was paulo skaf was also ambassador
from Lebanon who was here traveled was our admiral
the rock with the stars which is the chief secretary of the health secretariat of
strategic affairs of the republic and a mission is being done is being
conducted very successfully our farewell sao paulo also the
event we went back there the kc-390 the pride of our remembrance is is doing a first
trip outside of brazil i think presenter brazil is the first there was
a new trajectory in Brazil crossed the Atlantic I do not know if it has already been to the other
country here i think not but the first international trip of this pride of
our embraer company one more thing and well it was openness there may be nothing else
not belém do pará ibope schools is the pure truth here look
and I don't want to say everything here, but there are certain
it is a large press body and clearly it was not hidden from me
accused you a few days ago I was responsible for 100 thousand deaths in Brazil
that's it, there's no reason for us to make decisions since then since the
carnival we will be taking concrete steps to prepare will be tv is for to if
you prefer in the problem that is coming here because you just knew you would come
sooner or later seeing that rescue operation there in ruan everyone
we have a 40 plus or minus 30 40 for sometimes lead to a little bit more then ok
right and other measures have been taken several resume with that line here already
that this big television gives your minister mandetta a space as
kid, you know, a great marketer from TV Globo around the globe, I even sent one
Madeira Ordinance of March 20, Ordinance 454 determined the isolation
home of the person with respiratory symptoms and the people who are
the waste at my address even asymptomatic for a period of 14 days or
less I wrote a little bit wrong here ie isolation also take away
everybody and that surname will be we had here inside the city of united states
saying it had new york nearly seventy percent of people got infected
here at home so the measure is logical I don't mean that I sent it up here
in bad faith but as it didn't work I always advocated vertical isolation
but then our supreme federal court decided to say that whoever took
the measures were the governor and mayor that the worst right I think less badly if the
mayor made that decision not the governor but when the government takes
a decision the mayor I could not make the milder decision than the
governor can squeeze more have problems she doesn't want to blame anyone the
time history will show that today whether or not that power was wrong
the hospital in the woods every hand it is possible that you’re all right one more great
certainly be able to be he even has this collection here that we
how is it a cancer I speak you have no alternative hit been to
medical recommendation and period I repeat my mother is 93 years old waiting
visit him there next week but if she is affected here she already has a doctor
side has already said that if she has it like that already the recipe is ready, all that’s left is him
he put the date is up to the city in my mother I'm more here as I said no
it worked for me about 10 minutes more than 100 servers here who work in
building of the republic and we are going on with life we ​​cannot accommodate taking
care caution older care who are the most sensitive and touch life
I always said I want to repeat here that we have behind
the two major problems ahead were the virus and the jobs and both
should be treated responsibly and at the same time where
this great television king he hits me all the time that you had
ignoring the lives that started to be lost at that moment
so we're going in here, let's try accountability, right and the
clarification of the truth regarding the matter that he doesn’t give us to go to
defend yourself from this because an accusation of genocide on me at the time
noble or so this is very clear right I am responsible that should fulfill the
condition is that the present is fulfilling the condition is with everything here
we did almost 700 well where real in one way or another to fight the virus
not only money in the vein directly the borrowed and municipalities right measures to
avoid unemployment that the person says and they get weaker they are more prone
when acquiring a virus any disease and complicating the emergency aid that
costs 50 billion a month and there are people demagogically this is demagogy I think
which should be extended indefinitely are approximately 65 million
real nonsense people have people who get double the triple of that right ah ok
at his house 50 billion a month some say that it is people's money it is not
The people's money is that we saw that I’m sorry for how long you can take it
if I could, I would give 10 thousand a month to everyone
at home like socialism promises right is yours promises until peace equality
really equality you're going to have underneath but also
if you have anything this arrangement looks at one o'clock one dies
worst inheritances that this pandemic will leave depression in people have
how many people how many how many millions of people run addicted to
low antidepressants is difficult sister blue sea is difficult to stir the number of
deaths for you asking for disease has dropped frighteningly people who have key
that the medical opinion to do a cancer preventive when he comes back
I take back to the doctor for the next week with all the respect, you know?
I will not have more alternative but they did not do preventive that there is a hospital that
governor mayor and are not all but only kitchen deals are prepared for
the invitation is no longer on duty it is also the sun this is the one I'm closing here I ask
to you who are listening to me special people who are on my social media
here in the front I do please get out of the way facebook 17 thousand and 10,000 tube
focus of the br and now that we move to young pan in the
drop by watching it helps you to remember the name of the staff all the young father she
saw sobral live zé maria uses ana paula also come on which is a
journalism that you are pleased to watch for the exemption already got from that
also without any problem and even good right is because we see that what you're doing
wrong to redirect okay then journalism treatments that give us
is proud of its impartiality so guys everyone there young pan by z
missing question here you ask here sorry here the hot wanted
escape the question that the mantra of the halen president people is their excellence is the
fact on the right side I will answer sorry here ok
in some one and then
a kiss ah it's all over son are you present
that I said good night I was wondering if you were fully satisfied
with yesterday's meeting come on augusto
and we have meetings, we’re running out of things, something that’s working
right the intention to bring everybody we have a chat try to get it right
that what is possible and today was partly over there by the exaggerated part of some
media sectors, right, you talked about a stampede of the economy that would be against the
privatizations ok now it’s good enough for us to give a sound box nothing
you know that for example i have how to determine which minister to do some
thing the mayor of the senate has no way of determining which deputies and
senators do that or vote and logically that they help and the
interests as varied as possible the parliament became 28 I more dense so
fully satisfied with the place I think that nothing will ever remain but just a big step
the market is over, Brazil is in a privileged situation
hello most other countries here faced the same problem the
coronavirus it seems that the economy wants to recover, see it was falling under
and not in l in a second I the folks at the economy said yes we do have the money
entering the market here is emergency aid and a guarantee fund
and that money as if it were a way to keep the body alive now the
trade has to open I came belém do pará today there was on top of everything
open right and we have to not let this big body from Brazil be there
succumb to then yeah I say everyone says this
in search of launching each one to do their part, you know, and I'm not in Brazil
because this way we break the economy does not catch I think it will catch
it's not because paulo is already saying right because i have i also have
obligation to give an injection of courage everyone is so many people that it seems that
have to get it by the end of the year she gets it we go we go away we are
very well until the last quarter in the past the first first going down
it was also fine and then it came, you know this virus there that almost puts everything to
lose and now and the taste is done by logically that
a lot that was different but as far as possible it was very good to
yesterday's profitable meeting only the head of the judiciary was missing for us
see he could with looks like right and marta one less judicial year mine of
supreme sometimes each one has an idea in front of the other subject but we have
obligation to seek and improve the lives of those people who, how they voted
that even those who didn’t come back, right, people who are seeing me here
in this wonderful country called Brazil
use hi people today the eyes o together with
president of is called the act of symbology quite
strong union around the reforms led by minister paulo guedes
could not comment a little behind the scenes I did this the password was not
promptly attended by the lord expects this gesture in relation to the possible march
set of powers get an agenda of understanding thank you is that I
I speak the question of the economy Paulo Guedes is 99.9 percent with him must have 101
percent he winter power is a matter of ceiling to ceiling hotel time ok
floor under the simbio yes and more and more
you have less resources for you to do something you take two ministries
do not ask gray for example let's talk about the future of the track recovery pk
make a bridge hi and he has a resource there I in
moment I'm five billion reais is not enough is there you go in
our darling's ministry there the marine the mdr he wants to conclude the thing
conclude the work, right, the question of water to the northeast does not want to let the
program my house my life for the appeal and each time the blanket is more
short right the defense our defense here of minister fernando the window fernando has
five strategic projects he wants he’s the string and he’s painting this year
I have budget memory of history without running without with this monetary of yours
lesser know the defense staff then some arrive for you is
military and this ministry is going to be treated like that
explain what she knows about this I'm raising for fernando has to take
from another place then the idea of ​​piercing the present ceiling which is just debate what the
problem present in the pandemic, right? We have the apec of war we have already
we broke the ceiling in about 700 billion reais we can drill another 20
I lose the justification if it is to come, no problem, I’m fine, but we understand
that water for example is to understand the purpose we ask the idea
and plays are 60 million I’ll spend another 20 million or not Paulo Guedes will talk
is finalizing for and for the economy and for the market that
it’s boring time taking a step there’s another one there at the tip of another power already
start talking I can't edit it properly instead of calling phone talking that
ok, I can take this one from here, unfortunately we don’t have
style learn to scan all the time out there will not always someone arrives
in the office there the phone talks to someone in the ministry and ends up leaking
that said like this ah let's make an appointment or Tuesday i will do it or not
I'm not going to do it when the staff comes doesn't have everything articulated to give a
big blow to pierce the ceiling as if someone had money money intending to
get more on average 20 million is water from the northeast is sanitation revitalization
of rivers my home my life is right is in the corner touching other iso is it is
as it happens here hello my dad over there as well
there was no 33 look the pest goat at br-163 small 50 km stretch as she
It started with gas, but it was the army that invested it there and see if I
the br-101 didn’t work there either, so only 10 and 16 there in the pellet region
rio grande do sul army engineering battalion built there because the hand
work is free ok you’re training our soldier also ok you know
use us to argue that everyone wants me, I didn’t bother freedom until I give it more
and look for the girl there, which is the most complicated ministry, right she treats
of the engine of problems there that I did not accept this mass from her ministry there
for nothing in the problems that you have only the person as himself to solve
that matter there is no person who is of the brand he told me but has
problem is also right here, ask to be a little boy, you changed yours
situation to who knows resource also up to
to advertise outside of Brazil, so it's around ninety-five
a little bit more of the budget is committed and the fight the fight at the point
following ours is healthy exists and we will have problem that the forecast for
next year message will fall affect this book that happened i'm talking
discussion of the agenda that you have there that we decided to carry on but someone
leaked and everyone there from the young pan because I, as I lined up in this thing, didn’t
market reacted dollar goes up stock market falls but always has to take some time tavera
I also don’t have a little patriotism it doesn’t hurt them, right?
stay there accepting this pyre although there are people who will have a band business
see how to get here many times, click on it, I’m right there to see if this is it
leak published in such a press location was fake news a lie
to move the market I make money and it's two more
the cabral the president good night good night too
to the embratur ax president with whom we talked this week
President wanted to know how the process of creating the alliance is
Brazil, which is the party you want to join, I know that at that moment
collecting signatures in progress, how is this process going, sir
thinks the party will be ready in time for the 2022 presidential election and the
negotiations with other parties too or roberto jefferson president of ptb
including the interview that the program spoke quite a possibility that
you are part of the ptb, you also have this possibility, good president
thank you night it's hard it's not impossible but it's hard
the huge bureaucracy the pandemic delayed it is passed at the end of the line by tse and the
do we know the behavior of some ministers with respect to new
parties so I can't invest 100% in the alliance despite the effort a lot
people around brazil today i'm here in pernambuco i have to look at the
parties and having received the invitation and three parties invited me to talk a
for roberto jefferson live ok, there are two more parties too
I talked to the present these two other parties have a room there and put
there, right, the psl also some finalized this finalization only and in a
reconciliation we put the conditions on the table to reconcile he likes there
here too I can’t just throw in the chip just a ring on what I
I hoped it would be ready I don't think it will be difficult to get
ready this year but we will not dress like this we do not intend to style this idea
but the possibility of cubing and I’m going to talk to the psl people who
despite having left there from its 43 44 parliamentarians who talk to me right
there are about eight there that you can’t talk to a difficult level where
led to the police who got into the personal issue with you personally is what
company speaks here company page that hits me all the time and has already taken
that as true to the accusations but then there are six or seven there that is not
impossible to talk to these guys but he's talking to psl
also so I see a conciliate conciliate has to show who's
believing us why the right way back to talk to daniela is betraying me
I worked, I got a thousand 2100 natura 200 and and now the guy went back to
there I say yes go back to have to have the justification if you go to another party
one of the guests in viseu why you will not put conditions and you want to
it will not be enough for you to be a party, note 10 is not possible, but it also cannot be
a party note 3 quarters in your party note 8 9 months you want to do
and it is not easy to deal with non-expensive police other than Brazil, you can visit yourself and take care of
party corrections the interests are as varied as possible right but everything
well i got in here because i wanted the volunteer to fight so i thank the
god for my life and then miracle my election wants nothing to be
some do not have a big party because television does not appeal to
in my understanding god the people on our side saw us we will keep going
seeking largely by doing so that what I seek most is to lose interests
our our country because if i go wrong everyone suffers night nobody
wanna go out
yes, but this married woman you heard from those who left maria hello dona maria rosa
maria ii the president very good night looks at
president was a goal-scorer yesterday that agreement is not a kind of pact with the
national congress to vote on important matters and define once and for all
all there obedience to the spending ceiling now president and two came out
secretaries and important government officials, and he remained half-suspicious that
there would be in the government a feeling against privatization I know of resistance right
of the public system but what is the importance of privatizing its
behind the president government that they are in deficit and the objectives
and it ends up privatizing right not letting it continue in governments today in great
part are used by union or by parties that he knows I noticed that
business there and also it has state that the service provided can be done by
a private company this bigger intention has some state owned companies that i think
you have to keep it because it is because of the currency
a lot of money is made there if you count there
or send cigarettes and drinks there you do passport help then you do
where's see you now really so bike a lot of things you do you are going to do
you go to these files, you know, it's a company and outside you can buy it and do the
our money ok we know in a few years the role was to leave
exist but was led to sell more than 10 years serving me for more than ten years and
you will have to continue working at the mother's house at the grandmother's house too
it was swollen in the past but it has good professionals it wasn’t in each is when
you can see the details ahead, right, the expense, whatever is done, do not talk to
you’re also bringing you to stay behind because here you live up to miles of
Santos is entitled to this is a car and search the house for
example the health plans that we also have in the challenge to understand there
there are a lot of things so the goal of deprivation is that there is the product
end of the line I don't know I don't know it gets cheaper then this is the intention to disrupt
these issues we go servers is huge there is and the changes that happening to
few is now you will face resistance is the left parties
is not new is not critical from the left until the pt pc of the b psol pdt is
how rules are against privatization of interest whatever it looks like this
these state-owned companies have been used by that party in the past as is how it is
that corruption exploded on that job there I allotment of cargo for
another party, too, you know, it’s not just the subdivision, it’s a
it's a bargaining chip here that previous governments used i'm not sure
no but it looks like 2015/2015 and now last year we left this afternoon ok
surplus is because I have the criterion of putting people in there, coming out of 70 70
billion loss to 35 million again i'm not sure but that of a
profit there is crazy next 100 billion reais you can come here is very common
because this transition is worth something is worth counting here but if you
saw until today is in good the previous government a few years ago misery tourism know
if a city in france is receptive to tourism in brazil there or not
then they did a consulting consultancy or the temperature was valid if you use the name is
maria kicks in there i'm not listening to you here in the kicks there the price of the consultancy this
and from france may not receive brazilian brazilian presents control r $ 5000000
sad is sad and then for you to see the fight it is often back there the
doll I'm 100 million why do I have to run happened that
little figure that went to promote brazil in new york i'm six million
of real the doll and the mark of the fall does not look like one got it on TV but
melons six billion reais good so this is what has to change the
Brazil was so changing, there is something already from the government, for sure it can only
a guy like you can only be patient back he’s with me
people were not the huge house my huge government you take the ministry
other Brazilian ies composed the airport with structure at the beginning can
have one thing wrong can he know everything doesn't know the mystery of the marine has
almost 20 thousand works in Brazil you and me I'm not thinking
administrator I have to find resources depending on the parliament depends
a lot of things we have good parliamentarians it helps us to prove things there solve
this subject but it’s not easy to touch this Brazil doesn’t know what hurts
not president when if I deliver a work done the transposition of the sound
francisco that the northeastern knows the importance of that and the people are
knowing that in addition to that Brazilian money there is no more to do it has a
next week he went to venezuela will see, so he is using us to have a well
artesian there for the bh take it ok with me will take a bath no more
each well that opens a transposition you decrease in number and a lot of
kite cars in the region the army is waiting to stay for a year two
twenty years ago the car mission had said that you don't make a billion a
year of water hello guys young dad everyone's there
thank you young pan drop in the rivers good night everyone until next Thursday
if god wants and then
what's up